I'm Richard Trenton with cnet.com with
the Samsung Galaxy gear asking what's
the time time you got a new watch
galaxy gear is one of the first of a new
generation of smartwatches it's an
Android powered watch that talks to your
phone and actually do lots of things
that you can sometimes do on your phone
but without having to take your phone
out of your pocket
so it's controlled by swiping through
all these different home screens such as
you've got your photo gallery there
you've got your music
you've got your pedometer to track your
footstep so if you want to keep track of
you're at your health is your Settings
app and here's your other apps as well
there's going to be 70 apps that launch
such as find my device which allows you
to find your watch by just pressing a
button on your phone or vice versa so
one of the things you can do with the
Galaxy gear is you can make phone calls
without having to even use your phone so
you can either do that by going into
your contacts or you can actually dial a
number right here on the watch itself
the default home screen home shows the
the time and the temperature and the
last time it was updated but you can
also change it have different types of
watch or show things like your calendar
information right there on your wrist so
when you swipe down the galaxy gear also
has its own camera which allows you to
take photographs and also short
ten-second videos you can wear the gear
is a watch on its own or you can connect
it with a galaxy device like this
certain Note 3 and you can do things
like press play on the watch and music
starts playing on the note when your
gear watch is connected to your galaxy
device you've got an app on your galaxy
called the gear manager which allows you
to do things like for example add apps
or change the look of the clockface
another useful feature when you've got
the two devices paired is if you lose
your watch you just hit find my watch
and but what you will light up to tell
you where it is
so the gear has this silver metal face
and it's connected to this kind of
rubberized orange strap it's adjustable
with this buckle so even if you've got
bigger or smaller wrists it should still
feel fairly comfortable it's it's quite
a slam it's quite comfortable it's not
as chunky as I think we were expecting
the only thing I'm a little worried
about is the big bulge for the camera on
the bottom here which does stick out
quite a bit so I'm going to try home and
this is the samsung galaxy gear it's
certainly one to watch for more from efo
check out cnet.com slash